Checkpoint to make sure config file is set up correctly added to the getting started guide (#4820)
beetbox/beets: docs/guides/main.rst

.. _YAML: https://yaml.org/

To check that your config file is set up correctly run ``beet version``. This should return your 
beets version, Python version, and a list of installed plugins. If no plugins are displayed, but 
there are plugins listed in your config file go back to the steps above to set up the config 
file properly before importing your music library. You can also run ``beet config`` which will 

> display more in-depth details about each enabled plugin.

Reviewer: How about this slightly simplified version?

```
To check that you've set up your configuration how you want it, you can type
``beet version`` to see a list of enabled plugins or ``beet config`` to get a
complete listing of your current configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: @miertla what do you think of sampsyo's suggestion? If you like it, do  you have a minute to update your pull request. I would press the merge button then :-) Thanks!

Reviewer 2: @miertla?

> To check that your config file is set up correctly run ``beet version``. This should return your 
> beets version, Python version, and a list of installed plugins. If no plugins are displayed, but 
> there are plugins listed in your config file go back to the steps above to set up the config 
> file properly before importing your music library. You can also run ``beet config`` which will 
> display more in-depth details about each enabled plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check that you've set up your configuration how you want it, you can type
``beet version`` to see a list of enabled plugins or ``beet config`` to get a
complete listing of your current configuration.
```

Adding @sampsyo's idea as a _suggestion_
